Well everyone and welcome to the natural language processing with our lecturer in this lecture video
we're going to be data mining Twitter and creating word clouds of topics to see what's trending on Twitter
or what the Twitter ecosystem thinks about the topics we feed into our model.
A couple of quick notes before starting this you should have the notebook with all the notes and code
we use in this lecture.
It's under the machine learning with our folder.
It's not under the training exercise folder.
It's under the machine learning with our folder with the rest of the machine learning lecture notebooks
.
Also you're going to install all the packages it says to install the notebook.
We're going to go ahead and do that right after this slide.
And you also have to make sure to have a Twitter account in order to actually access the Twitter data
.
Let's go code and jump to our studio and get started by installing all those packages we're going to
need.
Ok so here we are our studio.
I went ahead and just copying and pasted the code from the notebook indicating all the packages we're
going to need.
We're going to the T.M. package the twit's our package the word Clodd package our color package and
then the e ones 0 1 7 and the class packages.
If you've been following this series of lectures as far as machine learning section of this course sequentially
you should probably already have 1 0 1 7 from support vector machines and the class package from the
nearest neighbors lectures.
When to go ahead and comment those out and I'm going to run the source here and install all those packages
.
I'm going to go ahead and fast for the video to jump to the sectional we're done installing all these
packages.
OK looks like everything's installed.
Step number two is to go ahead and go to Twitter that COM and if you don't already have a Sign-Up e-mail
address or an account on Twitter go ahead and register an account on Twitter.
You can do that just by going to Twitter that com show with the Web site looks like over here and then
you're just going to go to sign up and create a new account.
Once you've done that you're going to go to the Web site HCC P.S. Kolins slash slash a PBS or APs Twitter
dot com.
But this is the Web site you should be going to start Twitter dot com and then you'll notice.
Ill ask you to sign in with your Twitter account.
Go ahead and click sign in and then input your e-mail and your password.
Once you've logged in you'll see a sign at look or a page that looks like this saying Twitter apps.
You probably won't have any current taller apps unless you views Twitter applications for the go ahead
and click Create a new app will take you this page and you'll go ahead and input a name for application
.
We'll go in and just say an old P example app I'll put it to since I just ran through this.
Go ahead and put a description for your app as my An LP app.
You can put on the Web site here.
If you're ever going to deploy this application this is going to be your applications publicly accessible
home page.
If you just want a placeholder you can go ahead and put in something like HTP US coal and backflush
blacks for Slash for Slash without Google dot com is just a placeholder then go ahead and scroll down
and agree to the Twitter development
click Create your Twitter application and it will take you to this page.
Here you can see all the information about trap location.
Well we're going to need to do is click on keys and access tokens.
Once you're at this page you're going to go ahead and make note of your consumer key API key and your
consumer secret.
The API secret this is going to be a series of letters and numbers that you're going to need to reference
in order to actually have your our application connect to Twitter.
The next thing you're in need is to create an access token for your application.
You can go all the way down here to the bottom and click on Create my access token and that will create
two action or to access tokens for you will create an access token an access token secret.
By the end of this you're going to have four series of strings and numbers you'll need to know for later
on in your application.
You'll need to know the consumer key the API key the consumer secret the API secret key the access token
and then the access tokens secret and that's all you need to know once you have those four lines of
code then you're ready to go ahead and go back to our studio copy and paste those somewhere because
we're going to be putting them in to a Twitter authorization function we'll be using on later in our
.
All right.
That's the end of Part One of the natural language processing which is essentially just getting everything
set up so you can have your code connect to Twitter.
Thanks everyone.
And I'll see you at the next lecture